[Music]
so you're about to build a team for a
really groundbreaking project
unfortunately you don't know much about
people you're choosing from how do you
know who is the sleeping genius that
will help you win the day here are some
guidelines to follow take note of their
working place this one with all the
pencils sharp and laid in line with pens
they must be punctual and diligent sure
but they're not what you're looking for
the person with five coffee cups a
leaning tower of paper and an overall
mess on their desk that's your prime
candidate smart people often don't even
care about orderliness not because
they're slackers but because it's their
unique way of seeing ordered observe how
their mood changes your best bet is to
find a person that constantly changes
during the day that one moody in the
morning and humming some merry tune the
next time you see them has a better
chance to turn out to be an intelligent
person it's cool that try to be
predictable to others and easy to work
with but when your brain is filled with
so many ideas you simply don't have any
time for that go for a walk with them
and make a note on their pace imagine a
flow of your thoughts is a river
some people's flows are wide and steady
others have a rushing mountain stream in
their mind and some slow this river down
with dams the faster the river goes the
harder it is for the person to slow down
we subconsciously match the speed of our
thoughts with our walking pace if
someone walks really fast they might be
smart
do they swear if there were some
censoring in real life he would better
follow loud beeping like a hot trail it
turns out smart people don't choose
words remember the river of thought I
mentioned now try to express a steaming
geyser of ideas and words at least a
couple of censoring beeps would be there
for sure
chop and slurp on lunch around them no
kidding expose a group of people to some
annoying sounds like pen clicking or lip
smacking the first one to reach the
boiling point and blow up has a great
chance to be the smartest of the bunch
let's face it smart people like the
process of thinking when you're really
involved in that it's like you're a
conductor of an orchestra any annoying
sound is as if someone starts coughing
into a mic right behind your back
spam them with quick messages every
message no longer than one line a ton of
them and it will show my point
immediately a smart person would get
tired and completely uninvolved in this
conversation after the first few of them
to prove your guest further try next
time to record a voice message until
everything you want in just one this
time a smart person will answer shortly
after and provide a full response look
when they yawn more if a person
immediately becomes sleepy as soon as
the Sun Goes Down they may not be the
right choice even if they're the
brightest and most active in the morning
smart people are more often night owls
and reach their peak productivity later
in the day they have trouble waking up
early so they will yawn more in the
early hours do they have pets our
puppers and mewing fur balls are the
universal sign of one's will to care for
someone smart people are usually caring
ones they like to watch after pets and
share their lives with them but unlike
dogs cats give less emotionally than
they take from people this suits a
person with a busy mind much better at
the same time cats are more independent
and smart people value independence both
in themselves and others
are they good at parties at the dawn of
mankind the smartest cave people were
destined to overcome bigger challenges
and come up with something crucial for
survival the better they got in
fire-making coming up with new tools and
hunting weapons the less help they
needed from others since then rules
never changed and although today we live
in a different modern world smart people
are still loners they feel awkward and
anxious around other people through a
party and find the one who keeps to
themselves they may be quite smart does
anyone get their jokes
some people say any dumb joke and
everyone around will laugh
uncontrollably we're not looking for
them today we're looking for those who
are always on point well it just cuts me
up they spit red-hot sharp bolts instead
of jokes but those have a bad habit of
getting over their targets head
sometimes they're even sarcastic and
their humor has a bitter dry taste this
scares a lot of people try to see this
as a positive side a little laugh is all
that's needed to soften them a bit find
a person with a passion for fidgets they
can't put down a Rubik's Cube constantly
spin a pen around their fingers or play
with keys this love for pointless
automatic action comes from the same
place as their fast walking speed smart
people need to concentrate on their flow
of thoughts and it's hard to just sit
and do absolutely nothing when you do so
check out how they treat deadlines
challenges the thing a mighty mind needs
more than anything yet people are often
stuck in work they need to do smart
people would really like to be an
exception but they aren't so they
procrastinate to the point when they
need to do all the stuff as fast as they
can because that's a challenge this is
why intelligence is sometimes confused
with laziness don't mess it up
they disconnect from reality sometimes
if you see a person zoning out right in
the middle of the conversation that's
not because they disrespect you or they
don't care sometimes talking to an
extremely smart person it's like playing
with matches at a firework factory one
word can become a little spark that will
jumpstart the process of explosive
creativity in another person's head this
zoning out may well be the sign that
some fireworks have gone off right now
[Music]
they won't be stubborn in an argument
you may think of smart people as of some
level head know-it-all smartypants but
that's not the case the ancient Greek
philosopher Socrates famously said I
know that I know nothing and he was
really intelligent obviously smart
people don't have a goal of knowing
everything but they want to learn more
and more that's why they don't like to
argue a lot there is proof for
indisputable evidence or there is not
either way the argument is meaningless
they like cold showers smart people
subconsciously want to cool down they
like open windows walking without socks
and cold showers the latter keep the
mind sharp and focused allowing smart
people to do more they work especially
well in the morning when the brain is
still half asleep even coffee can't do
better so how did you score smartypants
tell me in the comments hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend and
here are some other cool videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life